shinyapps
=========

This repository is where I place my code to create my shinyapps. Here is a brief description of the apps here now.

BasketSimulator (https://aswoboda.shinyapps.io/BasketSimulator) is an app I created for an introductory econometrics course at Carleton College. The app simulates a binomial distribution using the example of a basketball player shooting baskets multiple times. The idea is to help students understand how uncertainty and variance are manifested in a random variable. For instance, the default settings in the app show that a shooter who typically makes 50 percent of shots, can make 15 out of 20 shots, but it isn't very likely. The app allows the user to change the shooting success proportion, the number of shots taken as well as the number of times the simulation is run.

InteractiveTaxGraph (https://aswoboda.shinyapps.io/InteractiveTaxGraph) is an app I created for an introductory microeconomics course at Carleton College. The app takes as inputs equations for supply and demand curves, externalities (positive and negative), and per-unit market taxes. The app then allows the user to display a series of grapical components (ranging from the curves themselves, to the equilibrium quantity, efficient quantity, and even the Social Deadweight Loss created by the market).

VarianceOfBetaHat (https://aswoboda.shinyapps.io/VarianceOfBetaHat) is an app I created for an introductory econometrics course at Carleton College. The app simulates a bivariate data generation process and then shows the distribution of sample regression slope estimates. The goal is to help the user understand how the underlying parameters in the data generation process (variance of the indendent variable, variance of the error terms) as well as sampling procedure (sample size) lead to changes in the distribution of sample regression estimates.